Fixing Kustomize bundle misconfiguration & Clarifying documentation (#844)
runatlantis/atlantis: runatlantis.io/docs/deployment.md

### Kubernetes Kustomize

> A `kustomization.yaml` file is rovided at in the direpctory `kustomize/`, so you may use this repository as a remote base for deploying Atlantis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `kustomization.yaml` file is provided at in the directory `kustomize/`, so you may use this repository as a remote base for deploying Atlantis.
```
